it's such a big issue at the planet that
it's very difficult to acquaint that me
turning off a plug in my house will save
a polar bear unless the polar bear is
staying with you his great paws on the
plug that recuse himself in which case
on that far off it's very important so
4004 BC according to Bishop Ussher who
worked or back with the ages underneath
will take that as read for now
23:44 BC 72 May which is the Thursday in
case you wonder the great flood of
course the first real example of climate
change in the month 40 days and 40
nights of rain they call it the flood
week or a British summer there's more
green candidates going forward lately
which is fantastic just to give a little
visual summary of the House of Commons
before the last dimension that was sort
of how it looks obviously of late
majority was before that after the
election actually that's not off imagine
that's going I couldn't look one day
with a blue-green color issue that's
actually what I want to try to deFrank
my computer my hard drive so they knew
one Jesus was born and already natural
resources of gold frankincense and myrrh
are on the decline 32 Jesus walked on
water and the storms on the lake cease
once again an example of climate change
you know obviously the original light
bulb was invented by Edison and that was
a sudden moment something being wow we
have this idea so that's how I look like
that
the energy-efficient light bulb was
invented more of a more a slower car
burn
I think I happened to come back and get
him in tonight's end there it wasn't
1440 was good invokes first printed
paper sadly not recycled but then it was
the first bit of printed pen proceeded
to burn excuse me he was going to do in
1439 but he saw a note saying do you
really need to print this we've got web
counts now you know I'm just saying they
don't mean necessarily to actually have
you don't need pictures like this the g8
summit by quality picture like this for
the you know just lols ruffles that sort
of thing that they love all that stuff I
think you'll be absolutely fantastic
1815 just a revolution one of the worst
possible things to happen for the onset
climate change 1963 Clarkson who was one
of the worst possible things a lot of
Brits just think what if the sea levels
rise a little bit will be a little bit
further from France would you can't be
that bad that's not really the latest in
2009 the Copenhagen conference enter the
trip to Legoland and nothing else it we
always look to the world leaders to know
what to do and you know the Rio summit
the Rio summit for stop defense called a
summons like you're solids 2040 looking
ahead is when oil and koalas are gonna
conclude that could run out they're not
both energy sources just the oil that is
nicely coupled but but that's that's the
surgeries when we could look at 2040
already 2500 is when the Kevin Costner
film Waterworld was sex not sex gonna
happen by then but you know it's a
possibility
um 35 part of the Apes okay and finally
then okay so at the end of the world
right there's all this left is the peak
of Mount Everest because the sea levels
have risen that much I did it back in em
out
according to the film 2012 account and
so it rises so much there's one pub left
on the top of Mount Everest and of
course all of the world of that so an
Englishman an Irishman and a Scotsman
and walk into the park and also Welshman
an Italian and a Frenchman and a Latvian
and Lithuanian and a Russian and a
Serbian lifts an Athenian government and
a Moroccan and a Nigerian and an idiom
an American Canadian Australian at the
New Zealand China a Japanese Antarctica
they're all looking at the bomb and the
barman says sorry you need to retire to
come again the future price the futures
greedy orange so hopefully we'll get
behind it and thank you